my name is Sheila Sarah I'm 26 years old
the brand is called soul and we work
with the contemporary menswear and it's
classical but it's not boring we make
clothing to two men between 25 and 40
years old the design that we do are very
much reflecting the Scandinavian look
and it's very it's classical and a bit
minimal and not very avant-garde trends
can be so many things and as a designer
it's very important to not only follow
trends but come up with solutions how
you can make nutrients right now with
the economical situation you both see
designers being inspirated by high
street like H&M and top men and the
other way around because everybody wants
to make clothing that they can actually
sell so i think that the trend right now
is to make wearable clothing
fashion is often a picture of of other
things that are happening in society and
in cultural life many different things
inspire me but I always come back to
being inspired by good classic well
Taylor Made menswear the perspective of
really really good when you slide your
brand everything you do has a
consequence